I was reborn.
previous life
This is where I was taken by Willow
Daddy little fish daddy little fish
I must be with my father in this life
Satsuki
Dad, you're holding me a little out of breath
I'm sorry, little fish
I didn't mean to.
Since this little brat is fine
Then we take people away
Little fish little fish
Liu Sisi, put the little fish down for me
I'm not going with you this time.
Ah dad
I'm going back now
The doctor is calling tomorrow
Go back first
Song Yang, since Ye Shao has something to do today
I won't bother with you for now
But the custody of the little fish
I will definitely get it
Forget it.
You rubbish
If you don't get the little demon's bone marrow again
My daughter Yingying's life
Are you still alive?
Don't worry, give me a few more days.
I will definitely extract his bone marrow
Get a dollar and go
Xiaojuan
Is the head okay?
Otherwise, dad will take you to the hospital
What's there to do in a hospital?
I remember this day in a previous life
Two-color ball out of the 100 million jackpot
It's business to buy lottery tickets from my dad
Daddy Xiaoyuer is alright
But Xiaoyuer wants a gift. A gift